Idea: 

The course should focus more on the fundamentals because most students in the course have very little coding experience and need more explanation. 
This idea is valuable because a majority of students don't have coding experience and may not have experience with hard stem classes. Due to this, it's important to make sure the class moves at a good pace and students are able to keep up.


Analysis:

For the bar graph, I grouped together people with no experience and people with 2-6 months of experience as beginner coders. 7-12 months of experience was intermediate coders and everyone else was experienced coders. I displayed this data with coding level on the x-axis and a count of the number of students on the y-axis. The beginner coder category had the most students. For the scatter plots, I filtered the data to transform the values in my columns of interest from strings to integers. I then plotted the ratings students gave for pace of the course versus their ratings for their understanding of material.  For the second scatter plot, I plotted the ratings students gave for the difficulty of the course versus their ratings for how likely they would be to recommend the course. 

Conclusion: 

The bar plot revealed that a majority of students in the COMP 110 course are beginners with less than 6 months of coding experience. The first scatter plot showed what students thought about the pace of the course versus their understanding. It can be concluded that students who think that the course moves too slow have a high understanding of concepts since the points are concentrated near the top of the scatter plot when students rated the pace 1. The rest of the points are pretty evenly scattered, so nothing can be concluded from them. The second scatter plot showed how difficult students found the course versus how likely they were to recommend the course. Students who thought the course was very easy had higher ratings for how likely they would be to recommend the course. Students who thought the course was very hard had slightly lower ratings for how likely they would be to recommend the course. These findings support my idea that the course should focus more on the fundamentals since most students are beginner coders and students are less likely to recommend a course if they find it difficult. The course could include a few review problems at the beginning of each lecture to make sure that students are remembering the concepts that they have learned in the past. However, the main problem with this is that class time would be wasted so the professor might not be able to finish the day's material. A future refinement that could be considered is performing more data anlysis on who thought the class moved too slow. If the experienced coders were the ones who thought it moved too slow, some classes could be made optional for them. 
